---
layout: page
title: Registration
group: navigation
---
{% include JB/setup %}


Booking and payment for the conference is done electronically, using the dedicated booking website linked to below. The booking website is hosted at Edinburgh on the university's secure payment system, so you'll be paying the University of Edinburgh. The booking requires a credit or debit card. If you are not able to book using the electronic booking system for any reason (or have a problem using it), please get in touch: <patrick.honeybone@ed.ac.uk>. All participants in the conference need to book, and payment should be made before the conference. 

Everyone needs to pay the 'conference fee' which covers refreshments during the coffee break and a wine reception in the early evening of Thursday 3rd December. This is available to you all at the bargain basement rate of only £10.00. We are also organising an evening meal at a Nepalese restaurant on the evening of 3rd December (after the reception). If you would like to come to this (we recommend that you do! but --- of course --- you may have other plans), you will need to pay separately during the booking process. This will cost £16.00 for a vegetarian option and £20 for a non-vegetarian option, which will cover a full meal, with starter, main course and pudding (you will need to pay for any drinks separately). If you book for the evening meal, you will need to confirm your choice of main course before the symposium. Please see the menu choices [here]({{ BASE_PATH }}/pdf/Menu-choices-for-sympo-dinner.pdf) and email [Michael Ramsammy](mailto:m.ramsammy@ed.ac.uk) with your choices.

NB: booking is possible until the 27th November, after that date, no bookings can be taken.

Please follow the instructions below to book. Unfortunately, all university-run electronic booking systems seem to be horribly complex, and this one is no exception. We're sorry that it might infuriate you a little as you go through the steps, but please persevere, and let us know if you have any problems. 

* The booking website is available <a href="http://www.epay.ed.ac.uk/browse/extra_info.asp?compid=1&modid=2&deptid=69&catid=10&prodid=2082" target="_blank">here</a> --- click on this link to start the booking process. The booking website will open in a new window, and you'll probably need to consult the instructions below as you use it. You will need a credit or debit card handy, and you'll need to know the billing address for the credit card (this is the address that the card is registered to --- if it's your card, it's likely to be your home address). You can use these cards to pay: Mastercard, Visa, Visa Debit, Visa Electron, Maestro or American Express. If you cannot pay using a card get in touch with <patrick.honeybone@ed.ac.uk> and we'll fix another way for you to pay.

* Firstly, click on the 'book event' button on the booking website. This will take you to a page entitled 'Login/Register'. If you've not used the University of Edinburgh's electronic payment system before, you'll need to register. You might well have used the system before --- if you attended the first Symposium (or a recent Manchester Phonology Meeting, or the OCP6 conference at Edinburgh), you will probably have booked through this system. If you did book for one of those events, you can log in to the system using your email address and the password that you selected when you last used the system, and go to the next bullet-point, below. If you have forgotten your password, the system will email you a way to reset it if you follow the 'Forgotten your password?' instructions. If you haven't used the system before, you're a 'new customer', so you should click where it says 'If this is your first visit click here'. You'll need to enter your email address and then select a password, which can be anything you like. Sorry about this, but you have to register in this way before you can book for the conference. You'll need to enter 'Your Details' about you and 'Your Address'. We don't really need your address or your contact (phone) number, but the system requires us to ask you for it. You need to put something in all the boxes that are marked with a red star, but you can ignore the other boxes. If you don't live in the UK, you will probably need to click 'Enter your address manually'. Oddly, also, you have the give your address a 'name' at some point in the process - call it 'home' and give your home address or call it 'work' and give your work address; or call it whatever you like. You also need to tick the box to give permission to use your contact details (bizarrely) and then click on 'Continue'. After that, you should be logged in and be automatically directed to the 'Delegate Categories' page (see next bulletpoint).

* You'll next come to the 'Delegate Categories' page. You must select the 'conference fee' here (everyone needs to pay the conference fee!) and you can choose whether you would like to pay for the evening meal on Thursday 3rd. If you would like to come along to this (we recommend that you do if you can!) you need to state whether you want a vegetarian or a non-vegetarian option. If you have any specific dietary requirements other than these, please email Michael Ramsammy (<m.ramsammy@ed.ac.uk>). 

* You'll next have to fill in some of your details on the 'Delegate Details' page. If you click on 'Use my Customer Details' you should get some/all of the boxes filled in. If not, you'll have to fill in something in all the boxes that are marked with a red star, but you can ignore the other boxes. The 'Delegate Address' box is again annoying --- unless it already has a name, you may have to the give your address a name in the first box --- call it 'home' and give your home address or call it 'work' and give your work address; or call it whatever you like. 

* The next page is a 'Questionnaire', where you need to tell us your institutional affiliation (that is, which university or institute you are connected to --- please keep this short as it needs to fit on your badge!). You need to put something in the boxes on this page, even if it's 'none'. 

* You'll next come to the 'Booking Summary'. You can go back and change your booking by clicking on the 'Edit' button, or you can cancel the booking by clicking on the 'Cancel Booking' button. If your booking is right so far, click on the 'Add to Basket' button.

* The page after the 'Booking Summary' is your 'Shopping Basket'. Apparently. If it all looks right, click on 'Proceed to Checkout'.

* On the next screen you might need to select a billing address - that has to match with the address registered for the credit card that you'll be using to pay with. You may need to 'select' the Billing Address that you've already entered. If it's not right, change it by clicking on 'Edit'. Once this is right, you'll need to enter the details of the card that you'll be using to pay and click on 'Continue'

* One more screen to go - you need to click on 'Pay Now' here.
